Shell script to verify staged release candidate artifacts (#2824)
apache/polaris: site/content/release-verify.md

## Verifications performed by the tool

After some startup checks, the tool emits some information about the release candidate. For example:
```
Verifying staged release
========================

Git tag:           apache-polaris-1.3.0-incubating-rc0
Git sha:           354a5ef6b337bf690b7a12fefe2c984e2139b029
Version:           1.3.0-incubating
RC:                0
Maven repo URL:    https://repository.apache.org/content/repositories/orgapachepolaris-1033/
Main dist URL:     https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/incubator/polaris/1.3.0-incubating
Helm chart URL:    https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/incubator/polaris/helm-chart/1.3.0-incubating
Verify directory:  /tmp/polaris-release-verify-2025-10-23-14-22-31-HPmmiybzk

A verbose log containing the identified issues will be available here:
    .../polaris-release-verify-2025-10-23-14-22-31.log
```

After that, release candidate verification starts immediately, performing the following operations:

1. Create `gpg` keyring for signature verification from the project's `KEYS` file.
2. Clone the Git repository directly from GitHub.

> 3. Git commit SHA and Git tag match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Verifies that the Git tag corresponds to the provided Git SHA
```

Polaris provides a tool to automate the tasks that can be automated.

Tasks that are automated:
* Checksums and PGP signatures are valid.
* All expected artifacts are present.
* Source code artifacts have correct names matching the current release.
* Built artifacts are [reproducible](#reproducible-builds).
* Build passes.
* `DISCLAIMER`, `LICENSE` and `NOTICE` files are included.
* main and sources jar artifacts contain `META-INF/LICENSE` and `META-INF/NOTICE` files.
* main distribution artifacts contain `DISCLAIMER`, `LICENSE` and `NOTICE` files in the top-level directory.

Tasks that need human intervention:
* Download links are valid. Check all links in the `[VOTE]` email for the release:
    * Tag on the GitHub website
    * Commit on the GitHub website
    * SVN repository with the source tarball and binary release artifacts
    * SVN repository with the Helm chart
    * Link to the KEYS file (_MUST_ be equal to `https://downloads.apache.org/incubator/polaris/KEYS`)
    * Maven staging repository
* `DISCLAIMER`, `LICENSE` and `NOTICE` files are correct for the repository.
* Contents of jar artifacts `META-INF/LICENSE` and `META-INF/NOTICE` files are correct.

> * All files have license headers if necessary.

Author: BTW: The script can keep (`-k` option) the (temporary) directory, which contains all the downloaded and locally built artifacts.
Tests can be run from there.
